# Learning Objective Being Covered: 
This assignment teaches students about preprocessing text fields with regular expressions (regex) and one-hot encoding.

# How this Assignment Achieves this Objective: 
This assignment walks students through the process of extracting relevant features from a ham/spam SMS text dataset to create a classifier. Initially, the dataset starts with only a ham or spam label and a corresponding SMS text string, so there are no numerical features that a model can actually train on. This means that it is entirely up to the student to create meaningful features. The assignment begins with a section on exploratory data analysis, where the student has the chance to look at some of the text entries and figure out what features might be useful. 

The assignment then asks the student to complete three questions presented in order of increasing difficulty that challenge the student's understanding of regex. Some of these tasks include parsing out links or digits from the SMS text. Each question adds new, numerical features to the dataset. After the student has answered the three questions, a simple logistic regression classifier is trained on the augmented dataset; the performance of this dataset should be pretty impressive, demonstrating how the student's features are successfully able to help separate spam and ham texts. Finally, a follow-up question builds off of one of the previously added features and demands the student to use a more advanced version of one-hot encoding. In summary, this assignment not only tests the student's skills with regex and one-hot encoding, but applies them in a real context where they have the opportunity to create a functional set of features after starting from just string data. 
